c:\users\курмангалиевм\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\project\project\bin\x64\Debug\project.exe.config
c:\users\курмангалиевм\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\project\project\bin\x64\Debug\project.exe
c:\users\курмангалиевм\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\project\project\bin\x64\Debug\project.pdb
c:\users\курмангалиевм\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\project\project\bin\x64\Debug\CefSharp.Core.dll
c:\users\курмангалиевм\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\project\project\bin\x64\Debug\CefSharp.dll
c:\users\курмангалиевм\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\project\project\bin\x64\Debug\CefSharp.Wpf.dll
c:\users\курмангалиевм\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\project\project\bin\x64\Debug\CefSharp.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\курмангалиевм\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\project\project\bin\x64\Debug\CefSharp.Wpf.xml
c:\users\курмангалиевм\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\project\project\bin\x64\Debug\CefSharp.pdb
c:\users\курмангалиевм\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\project\project\bin\x64\Debug\CefSharp.xml
c:\users\курмангалиевм\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\project\project\bin\x64\Debug\CefSharp.Core.pdb
c:\users\курмангалиевм\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\project\project\bin\x64\Debug\CefSharp.Core.xml
c:\users\курмангалиевм\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\project\project\obj\x64\Debug\project.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\курмангалиевм\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\project\project\obj\x64\Debug\PageChronology.baml
c:\users\курмангалиевм\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\project\project\obj\x64\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\курмангалиевм\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\project\project\obj\x64\Debug\PageChronology.g.cs
c:\users\курмангалиевм\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\project\project\obj\x64\Debug\PageMap.g.cs
c:\users\курмангалиевм\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\project\project\obj\x64\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\курмангалиевм\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\project\project\obj\x64\Debug\project_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\курмангалиевм\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\project\project\obj\x64\Debug\project_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\курмангалиевм\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\project\project\obj\x64\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\курмангалиевм\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\project\project\obj\x64\Debug\PageMap.baml
c:\users\курмангалиевм\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\project\project\obj\x64\Debug\project.g.resources
c:\users\курмангалиевм\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\project\project\obj\x64\Debug\project.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\курмангалиевм\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\project\project\obj\x64\Debug\project.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\курмангалиевм\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\project\project\obj\x64\Debug\project.exe
c:\users\курмангалиевм\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\project\project\obj\x64\Debug\project.pdb
C:\Users\КурмангалиевМ\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\project\project\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.Maps.MapControl.WPF.dll
C:\Users\КурмангалиевМ\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\project\project\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.Maps.MapControl.WPF.xml
